## HEAD (Unreleased)

- Move most of the implementation of the converter into [`pulumi-terraform-bridge`](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-terraform-bridge).
  [#207](https://github.com/pulumi/tf2pulumi/pull/207)

## 0.9.0 (Released September 9, 2020)

- Turn NYIs into diagnostic errors.
  [#191](https://github.com/pulumi/tf2pulumi/pull/191)

- Add preliminary Go support.
  [#179](https://github.com/pulumi/tf2pulumi/pull/189)

- Add preliminary C# support.
  [#179](https://github.com/pulumi/tf2pulumi/pull/179)

## 0.8.0 (Released May 7, 2020)

- Improve Python support.
  [#160](https://github.com/pulumi/tf2pulumi/pull/160)
- Add preliminary HCL2 (TF0.12) support.
  [#160](https://github.com/pulumi/tf2pulumi/pull/160)
- *Note*: This release includes changes to the CLI interface for the `tf2pulumi` tool.
  Output is now generated by default into files in the current working directory instead of 
  being emitted on `stdout`.  The `--tar` option is available to emit output to STDOUT, but 
  will emit as a tar archive.

## 0.7.0 (Released April 26, 2020)

- Support importing resources from existing `.tfstate` files.
  [#142](https://github.com/pulumi/tf2pulumi/pull/142)
- Update documentation.
- Defaulting `typescript.synchronous-data-sources` to `false` as sync data sources are being
  deprecated in Pulumi 2.0.

## v0.6.0 (Released September 30, 2019)

- Fix bad code generation for variable accesses that involve index expressions or optional properties.
- Support first-class providers when targeting Node.JS.
- Fix ordering for resources and module instantiations with explicit providers.
- Do not generate empty argument bags for nilary data source invocations.
- Add a command line option, `-record-locations`, that indicates that each resource, data source, etc. in the
  generated code should be annotated with the location of its original definition in the source Terraform config.
- Fix code generation for `replace` when the pattern is a regex.
- Generate resources that are instantiated at most exactly once using `if` statements rather than `for` loops.
- Improve the generated code so that resources are generated in source order except where their dependencies dictate
  otherwise.
- Add support for the `timeouts` and `ignore_changes` properties.

## v0.5.1 (Released August 14, 2019)

- Added a command line option, `-typescript.synchronous-data-sources`, to indicate that the generated code should
  use synchronous data source invocations.
- Bumped the default target SDK version to 0.17.28.

## v0.5.0 (Released May 14, 2019)

- Added a command line option, `-target-sdk-version`,  to indicate the SDK version targeted by the generated code.
  Note that this option defaults to `0.17.1`, which will by default generate code that is not compatible with
  older SDKs.
- Simplified the generation of output property accesses and string interpolations when targeting SDKs newer than
  version 0.17.0.

## v0.4.9 (Released March 1, 2019)

## Improvements

- Auto-named properties can now be optionally filtered from the generated source using schema information. This gives
  better results than the previous filtering, which sometimes removed properties that overlapped with auto-named
  properties but were not themselves auto-names.

## v0.4.8 (Released February 26, 2019)

## Improvements

- Allow references to `terraform.workspace` (tf2pulumi#68)
- Allow normal references to counted resources. Terraform allows this when a resource's count evaluates to 1, so
  we code generate this as a reference to the first resource in the counted resource's list.
- Data sources with inputs that are outputs of other resources and data sources are now generated correctly.

## v0.4.7 (Released February 8, 2019)

### Improvements

- String literals are now statically coerced to numbers and booleans where possible (tf2pulumi#57)
- Comments are now extracted from HCL and generated into the output program. This is a best-effort process, so some
  comments may be omitted (tf2pulumi#59).
- For NodeJS, names for top-level variables and apply arguments are now more idiomatic (and generally easier to
  read) (tf2pulumi#60, tf2pulumi#65)
- Name properties can now be optionally filtered from the generated source in order to take advantage of the Pulumi
  auto-naming capabilities.

## v0.4.6 (Released February 1, 2019)

### Improvements

- Added support for the Pulumi f5bigip provider
- Simplified string literal generation for literals that contain a single leading or trailing newline

## v0.4.5 (Released February 1, 2019)

### Improvements

- Improved the CLI experience. Note that this requires that `-allow-missing-{plugins,variables}` are now preceded by
  two dashes rather than one.
- Fixed a bug where tf2pulumi would generate object keys that contained invalid characters
- Improved string literal generation to emit template literals for strings that contain newlines
- Improved template literal generation to avoid emitting interpolations that are string literals (e.g. `${"."}`)

## v0.4.4 (Released January 31, 2019)

### Improvements

- Added the ability to continue code generation in the face of references to missing resources, data sources, etc. by
  passing the `-allow-missing-variables` flag

## v0.4.3 (Released January 11, 2019)

### Improvements

- Fixed a bug where unknown resources would cause `tf2pulumi` to crash
- Fixed a bug where circular local references would cause `tf2pulumi` to crash
- Fixed a bug where forward references between locals would cause `tf2pulumi` to crash
